Grade 1:
One morning Toad sat in bed. “I have many things to do,” he said. “I will write them all down on a list so that I can remember them.” Toad wrote on a piece of paper: A list of things to do today.
Then he wrote: Wake up. “I have done that,” said Toad, and he crossed
it out.

Grades 5-6:
Eskimos of Alaska’s Arctic north coast have hunted whales for centuries.
Survival has depended on killing the 80-footlong bowhead whales that swim from the Bering Sea to the ice-clogged Beaufort Seaeach Spring. The Eskimos’ entire way of life has been centered around the hunt.
But now that way of life is being threatened by America’s need for oil, say many Eskimos who hunt the whales. Huge amounts of oil may be beneath the Beaufort Sea. And oil companies want to begin drilling this spring.
However, many Eskimos say severe storms and ice conditions make drilling dangerous…

Grades 7-8:
Why is it that as soon as “Jingle Bells” starts playing on the radio, otherwise-sane people are driven to extremes to create the Perfect
Christmas? Take the case of Maureen McFadden, a Woman’s Day editor, who
decided to decorate her tree with homemade gingerbread ornaments. “I started late in the evening,” she recalled. “And then I knocked
the molasses jar on the floor.” It was downhill from there. Her cat—long haired , of course— sat in the molasses pool. “And when I yelped,
he ran down the hall into my bedroom spewing molasses everywhere.” Still, after she washed the …

Grades 9-10:
The controversy over the laser-armed satellite boils down to two related questions: Will it be technically effective? And should the United
States make a massive effort to deploy it? To its backers, the laser seems the perfect weapon. Traveling in a straight line at 186,000
miles per second, a laser beam is tens of thousands of times as fast as any bullet or rocket. It could strike its target with a power
of many watts per square inch. The resulting heat, combined with a mechanical shock wave created by recoil as surface layers were
blasted away, could quickly melt…

Grades 11-12:
The latest finding is a refinement of evidence presented last summer by audio expert James Barger—who testified there was a 50 percent
probability that four shots were heard on the tape. Barger had recorded test firings at various points in the Dealey Plaza, then
compared them with the motorcycle recording. The greatest similarity was
produced by two shots from the book depository, one from the knoll and another from the depository. But Barger did not draw
firm conclusions because he could not pinpoint the policeman’s motorcycle; his estimate could have been 18 feet off in any
direction. Weiss, whose…

Grades 13-15:
Until the 1940’s, there were no specific psychiatric drugs. Bromides, barbiturates, and opiates were known to sedate disturbed
patients but did not reverse the symptoms of severe mental illnesses such as the schizophrenias or manic-depressive psychoses. They did ameliorate anxiety, but only at the cost of fogging the minds of the recipients, who had to decide between being unhappy and being intoxicated. In the 1950’s,
the first specific drug appeared: chlorpromazine (trade name Thorazine). It was synthesized when an antihistamine chemical relative was found to sedate surgical patients. However, clinical observations
showed that this drug did much more than simply…

Grades 16+:
Further support for the view that educational expansion would reduce inequality was derived from the dualistic nature of developing societies. The economic structures of developing societies were said to consist of
two sectors: a traditional sector that uses little capital, is relatively unproductive, does not require an educated labor force, and places a
great emphasis on subsistence farming, small workshops and small commercial enterprises; and a modern sector that uses advanced
technology and capital, is far more productive, and requires a labor force with at least some schooling. Expanding the educational system
would qualify more workers for jobs where demands…